OK so you might be thinking redux every act are just new technologies so updating the redux state or
just making a network request should be really really simple but really there is a lot of logic and
set up we need to do first.
So to use redux probably we need to use something that calls action creators and producers this action
creator is getting is going to be the one that it's going to be called.
At first this action creator is going to do something and it's going to return an object with a type
and a payload.
So this object is going to go to all the reducers and it's going to search for a reduce or we manually
create for this action and then it's going to go and just update the read ex-state and once the state
it's updated re-act is going to render with just new information on a really really confusing.
Let me just show you a chart I have right here.
It's going to hide everything else so we can start from the beginning.
So we're going to have just an application we just for movies.
OK.
And if we click on one of these movies we just need to fetch some data and show the detailed information
of this movie.
So whenever we click what are we going to do we're going to call to an action creator this action creator
is going to return just an object.
The object is going to have two things one the type and the type is just a name.
OK in this case we're just we want to get a movie.
It's just a movie.
And the second thing is going to it's going to have it's going to be a payload this payload is going
to be the information that comes from the server.
For example if you click it is going to go to the to make a network a network request and bring some
Jason data.
You know the detailed information about the the element we just clicked.
So after it's just getting this the type and the information we have in the on the payload it's just
going to go and return an object with an action action type and a pillock get this object.
It's going to be sent to all the reducers we can have.
We do Sir's to pretty much to update the redux redux.
Now this reducers are going to receive again this object and since we have a type.
We need to create a reducer with the same name if we have a type but it's movie we create every douceur
with the name movie you know it's going to go right here.
It's going to match the type name.
In this case movie with a reducer a sign for this time.
OK we match movie with movie movie action creator movie type with movie douceur.
Now whenever it's done the reducer is going to grab whatever we have on the payload which is the adjacent
information dates Jason data and it's going to be sent to the application to the provider with the create
store.
And then we just update the read ex-state and once the read Act state it's updated it is going to read
render and just do whatever we want.
And this is going to be react side.
I know this is just a lot of logic to just to update a state.
And you're right.
You know you will be right.
There's a lot of logic.
So the reason why redux it's so popular it's because whenever you just learned to do this process it's
always and always the same idea.
It goes to action sense reducers and then just bring it back and just update the state.
No action reducers opt it's state.
It's always the same idea.
And in a large scale application or you can use it in small application.
It doesn't matter where you make just a lot of requests requests and updates redux.
It's going to make everything simpler because it's always the same process and it works like a charm
right.
So let's go to the next section and create the first reduce or begin to start just from the from the
back begin to start creating our producer in the action create the first.